--Shae Morlis
--File: ASP.NET HW2
--DATE: Feb 22, 2021

1. What is the difference between Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code?
Visual Studio is a suite of component-based software development tools and other technologies for building powerful, high-performance applications. 
On the other hand, Visual Studio Code is detailed as "Build and debug modern web and cloud applications, by Microsoft". 
Build and debug modern web and cloud applications.

2. What is LocalDB?
LocalDB is a developer oriented, on-demand managed instance of the SQL Server engine that can be turned on automatically when needed and turned off when not in use.

3. What do these commands do?
dotnet new globaljson --sdk-version 3.1.101 --output FirstProject
dotnet new mvc --no-https --output FirstProject --framework netcoreapp3.1
The first command creates a folder named FirstProject and adds to it a file named global.json, which specifies the version of .NET Core that the project will use; this ensures you get the expected results when following the examples. 
The second command creates a new ASP.NET Core project. 
The .NET Core SDK includes a range of templates for starting new projects, and the mvc template is one of the options available for ASP.NET Core applications.

4. What command do you use to build an ASP.NET project from the command line? What command
do you use to run the project?
use msbuildprojectname.proj from the command line. You run with the dotnet run command. 

5. What is the purpose of an endpoint? 
The endpoint route resolution is the concept of looking at the incoming request and mapping the request to an endpoint using route mappings. 
An endpoint represents the controller action that the incoming request resolves to, along with other metadata attached to the route that matches the request.

6. What is a controller?
A controller contains the flow control logic for an ASP.NET MVC application. 
A controller determines what response to send back to a user when a user makes a browser request.
A controller is just a class (for example, a Visual Basic or C# class)

7. Where are actions defined?
ASP.NET MVC Action Methods are responsible to execute requests and generate responses to it. 
By default, it generates a response in the form of ActionResult. Actions typically have a one-to-one mapping with user interactions.

8. What is the purpose of the routing system?
The ASP.NET Routing module is responsible for mapping incoming browser requests to particular MVC controller actions. 
By the end of this tutorial, you will understand how the standard route table maps requests to controller actions.

9. Assume that your ASP.NET application runs in a browser with a URL like http://localhost:5000.
List the three default routes configured by the ASP.NET Core routing system.
http://yoursite/ or http://yoursite/Home

10. What does the ViewResult object instruct ASP.NET Core to do?
I am instructing ASP.NET Core to render a view. I create the ViewResult by calling the View method, 
specifying the name of the view that I want to use, which is MyView.

11. How does ASP.NET Core know what View is to be called from an action method?
All the public methods in the Controller class are called Action methods. 
ActionResult is a base class of all the result type which returns from Action method. 

12. What is the job of an action method?
ASP.NET MVC Action Methods are responsible to execute requests and generate responses to it. 
By default, it generates a response in the form of ActionResult.

13. What is a view model?
ViewModels are used to shape multiple entities from one or more models into a single object.